Add information on the label placement's data-defined group (#5572)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/style_library/label_settings.rst

   Label placement examples in polygons

Common placement settings
-------------------------

Some label placement settings are available for all layer geometry types:

Data Defined
............

The :guilabel:`Data Defined` group provides direct control on labels

> placement, on a feature-by-feature basis. It relies on their attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
placement, on a feature-by-feature basis.
The feature's attributes are used to:
```

> or an expression to set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: why? Is that not possible to use an expression?

Reviewer: The attributes must be used in an expression, so there is no "or" here. So the attributes are used. We could mention how the attributes can be used (directly and in expressions).

Author: if you enter `45`, it's not an attribute, but you get the result.

Reviewer: > if you enter `45`, it's not an attribute, but you get the result.

If you enter `45`, I guess you want to relate it to a feature attribute - that is the whole point of data-defined. `45` in itself has no meaning when we are talking about data-defined label placement.

Reviewer 2: I agree with @DelazJ here -- an expression doesn't have to relate to feature attributes. You could have a time based expression, variable based expression, custom python logic based expression, etc.

* the :guilabel:`X` and :guilabel:`Y` coordinate
* the text alignment over the custom position set above:

  * :guilabel:`Horizontal`: it can be **Left**, **Center** or **Right**
  * the text :guilabel:`Vertical`: it can be **Bottom**, **Base**, **Half**,
    **Cap** or **Top**
* the text :guilabel:`Rotation`. Check the :guilabel:`Preserve data rotation
  values` entry if you want to keep the rotation value in the associated field

>   and apply it to the label, regardless the label is pinned or not. If unchecked,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and apply it to the label, whether the label is pinned or not. If unchecked,
```
